Deployment: `WeightedLPOracle` and `StableLPOracle` (#294)
balancer/balancer-deployments: CHANGELOG.md

- Deployed Chainlink Constant Price Feed to all networks.
- Deployed V3 HyperEVM Rate Provider to HyperEVM.
- Deployed V3 Pool Swap Fee Helper (V2) to all networks.
- Deployed V3 Weighted LP Oracle Factory to all networks.

> - Deployed V3 Stable LP Oracle Factory to all networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deployed V3 Weighted LP Oracle Factory to Arbitrum, Avalanche, Base, Gnosis, HyperEVM, Mainnet, Optimism, Plasma, and Sepolia.
- Deployed V3 Stable LP Oracle Factory to Arbitrum, Avalanche, Base, Gnosis, HyperEVM, Mainnet, Optimism, Plasma, and Sepolia.
```
